https://codepen.io/DocELB/full/NWNVRpB

 1. What is Semantic HTML?
    It makes your html more spacific, and is able to be read easier for

    2. What is HTML used for?
    It lays the foundation of your code and helps determine where things are put or organized. 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    the attribute is the second part of html elements tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    the heading of the webpage

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    a tag, img tag

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    documentation.

    7. What is an id? 
    it is something that can only be referanced once and is used to identify important things in html.

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    all of them

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once.

    10. What is a class? 
    a selector for styling css used to referance html and can be used multiple times 

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    any. 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    no limit, but not recomemded bad practice

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    the a tag target="blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    a back up for when the image cant be rendered. 

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    It is more specific than a div and the content inside is grouped.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    used in styling web based content

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    element Name {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id is specfic to one element and can only be used one, class myay reference multiple elements.
    Use id when wanting to change style of header or one or two specific things. Class can refereance multiple things throughouth the code.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .elements_name {}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

    .human p{}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    It is how we choose what elements we want to target and be more specific in what we what that element to do. While only changing the thing selected. 

    We can use this in css to create a more simplified code and to make sure what we are doing wont break other things within that area. 

 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div #sidebar a {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    It modifies what is happening to the element, like the hover state of a button. 

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    Line-spacing.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase; 

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        .div {
        border: 1px dotted solid black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * {}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm -r

    34. Why should I use version control?
    If you are working on a project and it gets lost on the local pc it will stil be in the version control. 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every 15-20mins 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork.
    add TL as a colaberator.
    cd to directory
    git clone
    cd into new repo.
    git checkout -b checkout "yourname"
    work on repo and project asignments
    git add 
    git commit -m "comment"
    git push
    pull make sure pull request is on your file not the main 
    wait for it to be merged by your TL

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 